README.md, before:


# Title
Contender Tracker

## Description
Contender Tracker is a candidate tracking application designed to help users monitor and compare potential hires throughout the recruitment process. It enables users to input, update, and evaluate key candidate metrics, making it easy to assess qualifications, progress, and hiring potential. With a focus on efficiency and organization, Contender Tracker streamlines candidate management to support better hiring decisions.

## Installation
Install dependencies and run the program.

## Usage
Follow link for site.
https://profound-heliotrope-e51daf.netlify.app/


## Contribution
None.

## Tests
None.


## Snippet
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/68e50bb6-87fa-4f83-a162-77136e5e256e)

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/abb1aac0-fae9-494c-a9fd-73c805546eb7)


## License
![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)
This project is licensed under the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).



## Questions
For any questions, please contact me at [stricklandmba2011@gmail.com](mailto:stricklandmba2011@gmail.com).
You can also find more of my work at [GoldenBobbyG](https://github.com/GoldenBobbyG).

Commit message:

Update README.md added notes

README.md, after:


# Title
Contender Tracker

## Description
Contender Tracker is a candidate tracking application designed to help users monitor and compare potential hires throughout the recruitment process. It enables users to input, update, and evaluate key candidate metrics, making it easy to assess qualifications, progress, and hiring potential. With a focus on efficiency and organization, Contender Tracker streamlines candidate management to support better hiring decisions.

## Installation
Install dependencies and run the program.

## Usage
Follow link for site.
https://profound-heliotrope-e51daf.netlify.app/


## Contribution
None.

## Tests
None.

## Notes
Used copilot for debuging and help with tables. Resources to remove errors with Git API link. 

## Snippet
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/68e50bb6-87fa-4f83-a162-77136e5e256e)

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/abb1aac0-fae9-494c-a9fd-73c805546eb7)


## License
![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)
This project is licensed under the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).



## Questions
For any questions, please contact me at [stricklandmba2011@gmail.com](mailto:stricklandmba2011@gmail.com).
You can also find more of my work at [GoldenBobbyG](https://github.com/GoldenBobbyG).
